Redirect more "outdated" pages (#482)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/overview/off-chain-workers.md

title: "Off-Chain Workers"
---

<meta http-equiv="Refresh" content="0; url=../conceptual/core/off-chain-workers" />

> View the latest docs on [SCALE codec](../conceptual/core/off-chain-workers).

Author: ```suggestion
View the latest docs on [Offchain Workers](../conceptual/core/off-chain-workers).
```
